EZP-28220: Using multisite in multi-repository setup (#644)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/multisite.md

If not specified, the `index_page` is the configured content root.

## Multisite with multiple repositories

> Multisite is configurable to use one or multiple repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multisite can be configured to use one or multiple repositories.
```

With multiple repositories, each site can have a separate repository.

> To configure multisite with multiple repositories, [configure the repositories](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/latest/guide/config_repository/) and perform [multi repository setup](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/latest/guide/persistence_cache/#multi-repository-setup).

Reviewer: Maybe also link back from the persistence cahce page?
